Enhance doc on static vs dynamic configuration (#8756)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/getting-started/configuration-overview.md

## The Dynamic Configuration

> Traefik gets its _dynamic configuration_ from [providers](../providers/overview.md): whether an orchestrator, a service registry, or [additional configuration file](../providers/file.md) dedicated to _dynamic configuration_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traefik gets its _dynamic configuration_ from [providers](../providers/overview.md): whether an orchestrator, a service registry, or a plain old configuration file.
```

This is not so much an additional configuration file, the file provider is looking for a file or files in a directory, but it is a provider on his own.

Author: I've updated this part according to your comment.

traefik --configFile=foo/bar/myconfigfile.yml
```

!!! important "_static_ & _dynamic_ configuration cannot be in the same file"

    In order to provide _dynamic configuration_ from a file, you'll need to create an other file,
    reference it in your _static configuration_ file using the [File provider](../providers/file.md).
    Any _dynamic configuration_ seen in the _static configuration_ file is **discarded without warnings**.

> 

Reviewer: This is not true, the dynamic part of the configuration is not discarded, it is just not interpreted since that, on startup, Traefik is only looking for static configuration, the parsing simply ignores what is not recognized as static configuration.

Author: I've  updated the PR taking into account your comment.
